Some feedback suggestions on the blog post (#1)
dolthub/kedro-dolt-demo: blog.md

# Introduction

We are pleased to introduce a Kedro-Dolt plugin, a collaboration between
[Quantum Black Labs](https://www.quantumblack.com/labs) and [DoltHub](https://www.dolthub.com/) designed to expand the data-versioning

> abilities of data scientists and engineers. You will find this a useful read if you are [A WHAT? Data engineer? ML Engineer] and it'll take about 5 minutes to read, by the end of which time, you'll know how to [DO WHAT?].

Reviewer: @stichbury Is there supposed to be a link on the `[A WHAT? Data engineer? ML Engineer]` and `[DO WHAT]`?

## Conclusion

The Kedro-Dolt plugin currently supports a limited set of features.
We encourage you to [reach out on the Kedro

> Discord channel](https://discord.com/invite/RFwfYpu) if you are interested in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discord channel](https://discord.gg/2QvVEdVEea) if you are interested in a
```

Reviewer: This link doesn't expire.
